READMEPLEASE

Guide on how to use the program. Use Ctrl + F to find a specific section.


AUTO CLICKER:
Click Offset: The time in between each click. 1 second = 1000 milliseconds. 

Click Type and Hold Time:
Box 1: "Left Click", "Middle Click", "Right Click" | This controls what mouse button the auto clicker will click
Box 2: "No holding", "Hold for..", "Hold forever"  | Behavior on what the program will do after it clicks. 
Hold Time: How long the auto clicker will hold each click for. THIS ONLY APPLIES IF THE OPTION "HOLD FOR.." IS SELECTED. Otherwise, the text entries will be grayed out as it won´t affect anything

Random Click Offset: Will add a random positive or negative integer in the range of this number TO Offset. (Example: Offset = 100 milliseconds, Random Offset = 20 | This results in every click having a random number from -20 to 20 added to Offset. This setting allows for variation in the program so it is harder to detect auto clicking)

Random Hold Time: Works the same way as Random Click Offset but applies to delay.  Will add a random integer in the range of this number TO Hold Time. (Example : Hold Time = 50, Random Hold Time = 10 | This results in every click having a random number from -10 to 10 added to Hold Time. This adds variation, making auto clicking harder to detect.”)



HOTKEY:
Change Clicker Hotkey: Displays the current auto clicker hotkey. Clicking this button will make the program listen for your next key press and will set it as the clicker hotkey. Pressing the button again will cancel this action. Pressing the designated hotkey will start ONLY the auto clicker part of the program.

Change Key Presser Hotkey: Displays the current key presser hotkey. Clicking this button will make the program listen for your next key press and will set it as the key presser hotkey. Pressing the button again will cancel this action. Pressing the designated hotkey will start ONLY the key presser part of the program.



KEY PRESSER:
Add key: After clicking this button, it will record your next key press and will save it. Click the button again to cancel. Certain keys are not supported.
Remove last key: Removes the most recent key added to the list visible on the left of this button
Remove all: Removes every key added to the list visible to the left of this button

Key Offset: How long it takes to go to the next key in the list. (Example: milliseconds = 10, Keys added = H, I | Result: The program will press H, then 10 ms later press I, and repeat until the Key Presser is turned off.)

Key Hold Time box: "No holding", "Hold for..", "Hold forever" | Behavior on what the program will do after it presses a key.
Key Hold Time: How long each key is pressed for. WILL ONLY MATTER IF THE OPTION "HOLD FOR.." IS SELECTED. Otherwise, both text entries will be grayed out and won't affect anything.

Random Key Offset: Will add a random positive or negative integer in the range of this number TO Key Offset. (Example: Key Offset = 100 milliseconds, Random Key Offset = 20 | This results in every key press having a random number from -20 to 20 added to Key Offset. This setting allows for variation the program so it is harder to detect auto key pressing)

Random Key Hold Time: Same thing as Random Key Offset but for delay. Will add a random integer in the range of this number TO Key Hold Time. (Example: Key Hold Time = 50, Random Key Hold Time = 10 | This results in every click having a random number from -10 to 10 added to Key Hold Time. This setting allows for variation the program so it is harder to detect auto key pressing)